---
name: Recurring Contemplation
---

A vampire with this power may trap a target’s mind into reviewing a set of events over and over until interrupted. This power is extremely subtle and ill-suited to combat or other situations rich in sensory stimuli. However, a cunning vampire can trick a sentry into reliving the tedium of his uneventful watch even as the Cainite draws close enough to strike or slip past. Other uses include the maddening infliction of déjà vu to induce paranoia or make a victim question her senses and her sanity.
_System_: The vampire concentrates on a single victim in his line of sight. The player rolls ^Manipulation + Occult^ (difficulty equal to the victim’s current Willpower). With any successes, the victim falls into a light trance and relives the most recent experiences that preceded her fugue. Alternately, the vampire may evoke another set of specific memories and circumstances from the victim’s past, provided that he has some means of telepathically drawing them forth. The recurring events must be relatively benign, insofar as nothing noteworthy happens or nothing happens that would demand the victim’s immediate action. Thus, in the example of the sentry, the vampire could entrance him and walk past unobserved, but not if the sentry spotted him before invoking the power. Ordinarily, the fugue lasts one minute per success. If the vampire’s player spends a blood point to fuel this power, determine the trance’s duration according to the following chart:
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Duration</th></tr><tr><td>1 success</td><td>one minute</td></tr><tr><td>2 successes</td><td>10 minutes</td></tr><tr><td>3 successes</td><td>one hour</td></tr><tr><td>4 successes</td><td>six hours</td></tr><tr><td>5+ successes</td><td>one day</td></tr></table>Entranced victims are oblivious to their surroundings and the actual flow of time around them. However, the fugue ends immediately if the victim suffers any damage or experiences a sudden jolt to her senses, such as a thunderclap or even a gentle nudge. Normal conversation does not break the trance, although shouting does.