---
name: Cooperation
---

Any elder knows that Kindred are the most difficult beings in existence to force to work together. Peaceful coexistence is not a common tenet of vampiric society. With that in mind, this power can be used to nudge those affected by it into a fragile spirit of camaraderie. Some cynical (or realistic) Ventrue claim that their Clan’s mastery of this Presence effect is the sole reason that anything is ever accomplished in Camarilla conclaves. Ventrue who voice this opinion too loudly also tend to have numerous chances to test just how effective Cooperation is.
_System_: To invoke Cooperation, the player spends a blood point and rolls ^Charisma + Leadership^ (difficulty 8). The number of individuals affected is determined by how many successes the player rolls. Cooperation lasts for the remainder of the scene in which it is invoked, though particularly strong users of Presence may create longer-lasting feelings of non-aggression (at Storyteller discretion) by spending Willpower. While this poweris in effect, all those under its infuence are more favorably disposed toward one another and are more willing to extend trust or make cooperative plans. For the most part, players should simply roleplay Co-operation’s effects, but there are some concrete ramifications to the power’s use. For example, Self-Control/Instinct difficulties to resist frenzy in response to insults from within the target group are decreased by three, and certain Social Flaws may be decreased in impact for the duration of Cooperation.
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Result</th></tr><tr><td>1 success</td><td>Two people</td></tr><tr><td>2 successes</td><td>Four people</td></tr><tr><td>3 successes</td><td>Eight people</td></tr><tr><td>4 successes</td><td>20 people</td></tr><tr><td>5 successes</td><td>Everyone in the character’s immediate vicinity</td></tr></table>