---
name: Baal’s Bloody Talons
---

The toxin generated by Baal’s Caress is not enough to significantly harm some truly fearsome foes. This progressive development of that lesser technique allows its user to envenom his weapon with a blood-based poison so potent that it corrodes the very weapon that bears it, eating away at the strongest metal in a minute or less. However, its effects on its victims are spectacular enough to make the loss of even the most treasured blades worthwhile. This power’s effects are of very limited duration, as the substance it creates will quickly evaporate away.
_System_: The character coats an edged weapon with her own blood, as per Baal’s Caress. The player spends one or more blood points and rolls ^Willpower^ (difficulty 7). The weapon now does aggravated damage. It also gains a number of additional damage dice equal to the number of successes rolled plus the number of blood points spent. These extra dice fade at a rate of one per turn as the poison dissipates, drips off, and reacts with the weapon’s material. Once the extra damage dice are all gone, the weapon’s base damage dice begin to fade at the same rate. The weapon breaks if used when its base damage is reduced to the wielder’s Strength or less. The only weapons that can resist this corrosion are those created with a supernatural power of a level equal to or greater than the character’s Quietus rating, though even this is subject to the Storyteller’s discretion. Baal’s Bloody Talons is subject to the same limitations as Baal’s Caress, except the limit on the number of successful strikes that do aggravated damage. A weapon affected by Baal’s Bloody Talons does aggravated damage with every successful attack until it is destroyed. At the Storyteller’s discretion, the character may use the venom this power produces for other purposes, such as burning through a padlock or destroying an incriminating tape. He may not, however, store this poison for later use - even if a container proves resistant to it, the substance becomes inert within a few minutes of leaving its creator’s body.