---
name: Karmic Sight
---

The power of Aura Perception (Auspex 2) allows a vampire to take a brief glimpse at the soul of a subject. This power takes Aura Perception several steps forward, allowing a vampire who has mastered Auspex2 to probe the inner workings of a subject’s mind and soul.
_System_: The player rolls ^Perception + Empathy^ (difficulty equals the subject’s current Willpower). The degree of success determines the information gained.
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Result</th></tr><tr><td>Botch</td><td>The character gains a Derangement or Psychological/Mental/Supernatural Flaw similar to one of the target’s for one night, at Storyteller discretion.</td></tr><tr><td>1 success</td><td>As per five successes on an Aura Perception roll.</td></tr><tr><td>2 successes</td><td>Subject’s Nature, Demeanor and Humanity or Path can be determined.</td></tr><tr><td>3 successes</td><td>Any outside infuences on the subject’s mind or soul, such as Dominate or a demonic pact, can be detected.</td></tr><tr><td>4 successes</td><td>Subject’s Willpower, Humanity or Path, and Virtue ratings can be determined.</td></tr><tr><td>5 successes</td><td>The state of the subject’s karma may be determined. This is a highly abstract piece of information best left to Storyteller discretion, but should reveal the general balance between “good” and “bad” actions the subject has performed, both recently and over the course of his existence. If the plot merits it, the character may receive visions of one or more incidents in the subject’s past that radically altered his destiny. With this degree of success, some fate-related Merits and Flaws (e.g. Dark Fate) can be identified as well.</td></tr></table>