---
Name: "Lasombra Antitribu"
disciplines: ['dominate', 'obtenebration', 'potence']
weakness: "Cast no reflection<br>Hunted by Sabbat Lasombra"
weakness_description: "In addition to the Clan’s usual problem with reflections (p. 59), Lasombra <i>antitribu</i> also have the “weakness” of being hunted relentlessly by the Sabbat, and targeted for destruction whenever their existence is made public."
---

<p>Lasombra <i>antitribu</i> are simply members of Clan Lasombra who either predate the Sabbat and refused to join, or who disagree with the Sabbat’s philosophies. They are rare in either case, because the Sabbat goes out of its way to destroy them, but a few persist. Some join the Camarilla, while others remain independent. As a rule, they carry the Machiavellian attitude that typifies the Lasombra — they fully expect that they will win the Jyhad, and they are willing to do what is necessary to do so. They just feel that their Clan as a whole made the wrong choice.</p><p>While some Camarilla vampires know that these Kindred exist, at least in theory, the Magisters themselves try to stay out of the spotlight. The Sabbat has been known to stage raids on Camarilla cities, raids that they cannot hope to bring to a victory, just to destroy a Lasombra <i>antitribu</i>. Some Kindred put this down to the tenacity and spite of the Sabbat, but others point out that it tends to be the Sabbat Lasombra — well known for being good tacticians — who initiate these raids. What are they so afraid that the Lasombra <i>antitribu</i> might reveal?</p><p><b>Nickname:</b> Magisters (this was the Clan’s sobriquet for centuries before the Anarch Revolt)</p><p><b>Disciplines:</b> Dominate, Obtenebration, Potence</p><p><b>Weakness:</b> In addition to the Clan’s usual problem with reflections (p. 59), Lasombra <i>antitribu</i> also have the “weakness” of being hunted relentlessly by the Sabbat, and targeted for destruction whenever their existence is made public.</p><p class=ttlQuote><b>Quote:</b> <i>I watched the fires of the Reconquista. I saw the trenches of the Great War and the fires that burned Dresden. The so-called “Sword of Caine” does not fill me with dread.</i></p>