---
Name: "Malkavian Antitribu"
disciplines: ['auspex', 'dementation', 'obfuscate']
weakness: "Permanent, incurable derangement"
weakness_description: "Like all Malkavians (p. 61), the Freaks are completely insane. At character creation, the player must choose a derangement that the character can never overcome."
---

<p>The Malkavians are insane. It is their defining feature, and while not every Lunatic is dangerous, they are all unstable and unpredictable. And so the Malkavians of the Sabbat, the vampires of the Camarilla suspect, must be even crazier. They are quite correct.</p><p>Malkavian <i>antitribu</i> are just as varied in dementia as their Camarilla brethren, but their madness carries with it a desperate, cloying edge. They are not satisfied with setting others on edge or forcing the “sane” vampires to challenge their own philosophies. They want — inasmuch as they can be said to collectively want anything — for the world to share their madness. Maybe they feel that their madness is overflowing, forcing its way from their minds into the minds of others through their Dementation Discipline. Whatever the case, the Clan at large — even outside the Sabbat — seems to have heard the message.</p><p>Within the Sabbat, the Freaks take on roles appropriate to their madness. The truly vicious and uncontrollable ones are locked away in crypts and unleashed when the Sabbat needs shock and awe. The more functional Freaks lead war parties, perform ritae, or divine the future of the Sect from the entrails of their victims (often while those victims look on in horror). No matter what their role, though, the underlying goal of the Malkavian <i>antitribu</i> seems to be to bestow the gift of madness upon everyone around them.</p><p><b>Nickname:</b> Freaks</p><p><b>Disciplines:</b> Auspex, Dementation, Obfuscate</p><p><b>Weakness:</b> Like all Malkavians (p. 61), the Freaks are completely insane. At character creation, the player must choose a derangement that the character can never overcome.</p><p class=ttlQuote><b>Quote:</b> <i>Consult the haruspex once again. Always learn the same lesson. Follow the tract, and it ends in the same place. We’re there, boys. We’re in the shit.</i></p>