---
Name: "Ravnos"
disciplines: ['animalism', 'chimerstry', 'fortitude']
weakness: "Addicted to vice<br>^Self-Control/Instinct^ roll (difficulty 6)<br>or succumb to compulsion"
weakness_description: "A turbulent history makes the Ravnos slaves to their vices. Each Ravnos has a penchant for some sort of vice - lying, cruelty, or theft, for example. When presented with the opportunity to engage in that vice, the Ravnos must indulge it unless her player succeeds on a Self-Control or Instinct roll (difficulty 6)."
---

<p>The Ravnos move like the rumors that surround them. They are the thief in the night, the <i>raksha</i> chased by the wind, the nightmare-dream too fearful to be real. Whether associated with the Romani folk of Europe or the grave-robbing ghûl of Western Asia, Kindred society burdens the Ravnos with prejudices of foulness, uncleanliness, and wickedness.</p><p>With reputations like these, the Ravnos are considered outsiders even among those Kindred who do not ally themselves with Sects. Many young Ravnos tend toward nomadic unlives, moving from one domain to the next or hiding on the fringes of established territories where they can escape if local Kindred sentiment turns against them. This exacerbates their reputations as transients, gypsies, and vagrant scourges, but Ravnos vampires adapt well, thriving in their marginalized role. In fact, many choose to make themselves into the ravening terrors that other Kindred believe them to be.</p><p>The more enlightened among the Ravnos follow a Clan ideology inspired by the cycle of reincarnation espoused by many Indian faiths. Among some young and unprincipled members of the Clan, however, this philosophy becomes a penchant for capriciousness or an excuse for chaos. It is these latter Kindred who give so many Ravnos a bad name, but even the devout seem bizarre to many vampires.</p><p>The Ravnos practice a unique Discipline known as Chimerstry that convinces their enemies that they see things that do not exist. Chimerstry does much to convince Kindred that the Ravnos trade in lies and misdirection, but it can also prove to be a Deceiver’s salvation and ease the vagaries of an outcast unlife.</p><p><b>Nickname:</b> Deceivers</p><p><b>Sect:</b> Clan Ravnos often has a difficult time heeding the rigorous order of many Camarilla cities, and has no inherent love for the violence of the Sabbat. Thus, the Deceivers find themselves independent for lack of a more suitable option.</p><p><b>Appearance:</b> Young Ravnos often come from Eastern European Romani stock, with a relative paucity of “non-gypsy” <i>gadje</i> in the ranks. What few elders of the Clan may remain are presumed to come from Indian or Middle Eastern origins. Given that the Clan is widely spread and holds no traditional central domain, no consistent look can be said to be predominant, and any mendicant Kindred might be of Ravnos origin.</p><p><b>Haven:</b> Many Ravnos take to the road instead of establishing permanent havens, dwelling temporarily among itinerant communities, at roadside rest stops, or even in vehicles. When a Deceiver does put down roots in a domain, his permanent haven is often away from high-profile Kindred territories. Havens in ethnic ghettos, industrial outskirts, and isolated geography are safest and most easily cultivated for the Ravnos.</p><p><b>Background:</b> The Ravnos are scattered and suspicious, and those childer who don’t have the tendency toward self-sufficiency don’t last long. In many cases, a Ravnos will either never sire, or sire for companionship or safety, with little concern for how well a childe will fare as a vampire. Ravnos rarely seek out childer actively, instead drawing from those whose paths they cross on any given night. As such, the hard-luck drifter reputation tends to follow the Deceivers.</p><p><b>Character Creation:</b> Outsider and selfish Natures are common among the Clan. Physical and Social Attributes predominate, as do Talents and Skills. Savvy Ravnos develop a breadth of Backgrounds that can give them an edge when they’re on the move or in a tight spot, such as stashed Resources, defensible Domain, and a few Allies or Contacts.</p><p><b>Clan Disciplines:</b> Animalism, Chimerstry, Fortitude</p><p><b>Weaknesses:</b> A turbulent history makes the Ravnos slaves to their vices. Each Ravnos has a penchant for some sort of vice — lying, cruelty, or theft, for example. When presented with the opportunity to engage in that vice, the Ravnos must indulge it unless her player succeeds on a Self-Control or Instinct roll (difficulty 6).</p><p><b>Organization:</b> The Ravnos are a far-flung Clan, with little to unite them and an open acknowledgement that each Deceiver looks after his own interests first. That said, Ravnos often like to make a great show of Clan camaraderie and cultural ritual, even though they know that promises made to one another are as fleeting as whispers on a night wind. Deceivers have been known to ally against common enemies such as tyrant Princes or Sabbat pogroms, but these alliances quickly fade once the threat no longer exists.</p><div class=ttlStereo><h3>Stereotypes</h3><p><b>Assamite:</b> <i>Half the time, I think we take a lot of shit because other vampires think, “All A-rabs look alike” and confuse us with these assholes.</i></p><p><b>Brujah:</b> <i>You can get into a lot of trouble if one of these bloodsuckers imagines you did him some awful wrong when all you were doing was checking out his girlfriend.</i></p><p><b>Followers of Set:</b> <i>There’s no justice. People think we’re the demons.</i></p><p><b>Gangrel:</b> <i>They know how rough it is out there, and sometimes you can even convince them to give you a break.</i></p><p><b>Giovanni:</b> <i>Gaudy, vain, and easy marks. Of course, they probably think that about us, too.</i></p><p><b>Lasombra:</b> <i>Nobody cops that much attitude unless he’s hiding something to be ashamed of.</i></p><p><b>Malkavian:</b> <i>Be careful. You can either fool them or you can’t, but they can’t decide which one it is until they either take the bait or go berserk.</i></p><p><b>Nosferatu:</b> <i>Rat them out and you’ll have a chance.</i></p><p><b>Toreador:</b> <i>They love being lied to but hate it when someone tips them off that you’ve been lying.</i></p><p><b>Tremere:</b> <i>Tread carefully or these pricks will drink your soul and blame you for it.</i></p><p><b>Tzimisce:</b> <i>Nothing wrong with these guys that staking them in their coffins and setting them on fire wouldn’t solve.</i></p><p><b>Ventrue:</b> <i>I think these cocksuckers actually enjoy being hated by everyone else. Who else would set themselves up in the line of fire all the time?</i></p><p><b>Caitiff:</b> <i>Hard times make for desperate terms.</i></p><p><b>Camarilla:</b> <i>All the fancy costumes in the world don’t mean you’re not stealing or killing every time you feed, you fucking hypocrites.</i></p><p><b>Sabbat:</b> <i>I’ve seen this movie before, and the ending is shit.</i></p><p><b>Anarchs:</b> <i>Not usually a problem unless they start asking you to vote or bend the knee. Once the revolution’s over and they’re declaring themselves emperors, time to hit the road.</i></p></div><p class=ttlQuote><b>Quote:</b> <i>What? Those aren’t bones. They’re wind chimes. Everything is going to be fine. Relax.</i></p>