---
Name: "Kolduns"
disciplines: ['animalism', 'auspex', 'vicissitude']
weakness: "Must sleep in at least two<br>handfuls of native soil"
weakness_description: "As with the rest of the Clan (p. 71): The koldun must rest in the proximity of at least two handfuls of native soil. Failure to meet this requirement halves the koldun’s dice pools every 24 hours, until all pools fall to one die. This penalty remains until they are able to rest for a full day in their earth."
---

<p>The koldun are the oldest sorcerers among the Kindred, or at least they claim to be. Their magic is ancient, to be sure. This magic does not depend on formulae and lifeless, categorized rotes. Rather, it draws power from the most unlikely source: the living earth. Koldunic Sorcery excels in manipulating the natural elements in subtle and grandiose ways, yet its paths follow no other directions. Many of its rituals build on spirituality and vitality thought lost to vampires. Kolduns, then, are Tzimisce wizards who are in tune with the land around them to a frightening degree.</p><p>The kolduns aren’t protectors of the land, though, at least not in the way that the phrase usually implies. They use the land, drinking in its energy and reshaping it into weapons. They protect the land because it is theirs, and therefore they display the same territorialism for which the Tzimisce in general are so widely known.</p><p>For many years, Koldunic Sorcery was the province of a few very powerful elder Tzimisce, almost all Old Clan (see below). In recent nights, though, the knowledge of the magic has filtered down through the Clan’s ranks, and even neonates may learn it. This is a huge departure from previous practices. It remains to be seen what effect Koldunic Sorcery will have on the world at large.</p><p><b>Nickname:</b> None</p><p><b>Disciplines:</b> The kolduns aren’t truly a bloodline. Rather, koldunism is a practice within the Tzimisce where the vampire learns Koldunic Sorcery (at out-of-Clan costs). Koldun Clan Disciplines, therefore, are Auspex, Animalism, and either Dominate or Vicissitude (depending on whether the koldun is an Old Clan Tzimisce or not).</p><p><b>Weakness:</b> As with the rest of the Clan (p. 71): The koldun must rest in the proximity of at least two handfuls of native soil. Failure to meet this requirement halves the koldun’s dice pools every 24 hours, until all pools fall to one die. This penalty remains until they are able to rest for a full day in their earth.</p><p class=ttlQuote><b>Quote:</b> <i>I am the land. You have not violated my home...you have violated me. And now you reap the consequences.</i></p>