---
name: Awe
---

Those near the vampire suddenly desire to be closer to her and become receptive to her point of view. Awe is extremely useful for mass communication. It matters little what is said - the hearts of those affected lean toward the vampire’s opinion. The weak want to agree with her; even if the strong-willed resist, they soon find themselves outnumbered. Awe can turn a chancy deliberation into a certain resolution in the vampire’s favor almost before her opponents know that the tide has turned. Despite the intensity of this attraction, those so smitten do not lose their sense of self-preservation. Danger breaks the spell of fascination, as does leaving the area. Those subject to Awe will remember how they felt in the vampire’s presence, however. This will infuence their reactions should they ever encounter her again.
_System_: The player spends a blood point and rolls ^Charisma + Performance^ (difficulty 7). The number of successes rolled determines how many people are affected, as noted on the chart below. If there are more people present than the character can infuence, Awe affects those with lower Willpower ratings first. The power stays in effect for the remainder of the scene or until the character chooses to drop it.
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Result</th></tr><tr><td>1 success</td><td>One person</td></tr><tr><td>2 successes</td><td>Two people</td></tr><tr><td>3 successes</td><td>Six people</td></tr><tr><td>4 successes</td><td>20 people</td></tr><tr><td>5 successes</td><td>Everyone in the vampire’s immediate vicinity (an entire auditorium, a mob).</td></tr></table>Those affected can use Willpower points to overcome the effect, but must continue spending Willpower every scene for as long as they remain in the same area as the vampire. As soon as an individual spends a number of Willpower points equal to the successes rolled, he shakes off the Awe completely and remains unaffected for the rest of the night.