---
Name: "Warrior Setites"
disciplines: ['potence', 'presence', 'serpentis']
weakness: "Light Sensitive. +2 damage from Sunlight<br>-1 from dice pools in bright light"
weakness_description: "The warriors suffer same weakness as the Followers of Set (p. 53): They suffer two additional health levels of damage from sunlight, and a one-die penalty to all rolls when subjected to bright light of any kind."
---

<p>Not all Followers of Set are subtle, forked-tongued seducers. A number of them prefer to walk a more martial path, becoming holy warriors for their god. The warrior Setites eschew the Obfuscate Discipline for Potence — no slinking in the dark for these serpents. They are proud and brutal soldiers for Set, and are perfectly willing to go into battle to back up their subtler brethren. They act as enforcers, assassins, and even martyrs for the rest of the line, although thinking of them as mindless brutes is a mistake. A warrior Setite is still very much a Setite, and quite capable of leading others into all sorts of temptation. They just have the strength to make their points forcefully when necessary.</p><p>The warrior Setite line is interesting in that it is not passed down by the Embrace. A mortal Embraced by a warrior Setite becomes a “normal” member of the line (that is, learning Obfuscate as a Clan Discipline) unless trained as a warrior from childe-hood. The line is therefore an example of how training and ideology can change the basic makeup of a vampire’s Clan.</p><p>Warrior Setites generally embrace passionate ideologues. The ideology that they espouse isn’t important. A fanatical Christian’s fervor can be turned to Set as easily as the zeal of a pro-union rabble rouser, given the right amount of Kindred vitae and religious revelations from Set.</p><p><b>Nickname:</b> Horned Vipers</p><p><b>Disciplines:</b> Potence, Presence, Serpentis</p><p><b>Weakness:</b> The warriors suffer same weakness as the Followers of Set (p. 53): They suffer two additional health levels of damage from sunlight, and a one-die penalty to all rolls when subjected to bright light of any kind.</p><p class=ttlQuote><b>Quote:</b> <i>The Serpent of Eden had his approach. Mine is more honest — that should be refreshing for you.</i></p>