---
name: Contagion
---

The most damaging disease is human sin. Pandora learned it to her detriment, as did the ungrateful and impolite denizens of Sodom. The Baali, of course, revel in the slow decay of human settlements, and Methuselahs of the bloodline learn to infect a mortal community with jealousy, slander, hate, and bigotry. Crime and violence soar, petty angers give rise to seething hatreds, and local economies take a downward spiral. Marriages end over trivial quarrels and the world becomes a nastier place in general. In the history of the Baali, entire towns and villages have been temporarily enslaved to an infernal master’s will.
_System_: Successes garnered on an ^Intelligence + Occult^ roll (difficulty 9) must be divided between the intensity and the area of the desired effect - at least two successes are needed to cover both area and effect. Sufficiently high degrees of Auspex or powers that detect demons may be able to pick up on this vague, malevolent aura; otherwise they will simply assume that times have taken a dire change for the worse.
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Area</th><th>Effect</th></tr><tr><td>1 success</td><td>Immediate vicinity</td><td>Ill-tempered/out-of-sorts behavior</td></tr><tr><td>2 successes</td><td>An office complex</td><td>Civil/domestic unrest, prejudice</td></tr><tr><td>3 successes</td><td>A city block</td><td>Angry (even riotous) dissent</td></tr><tr><td>4 successes</td><td>A stadium or apartment complex</td><td>Bar-brawls, hate crimes, blood in the streets</td></tr><tr><td>5+ successes</td><td>An entire city</td><td>A throng of bloodthirsty single-minded Philistines</td></tr></table>