---
name: Entrancement
---

This power bends others’ emotions, making them the vampire’s willing servants. Due to what these individuals see as true and enduring devotion, they heed the vampire’s every desire. Since this is done willingly, instead of having their wills sapped, these servants retain their creativity and individuality. While these obedient minions are more personable and spirited than the mind-slaves created by Dominate, they’re also somewhat unpredictable. Further, since Entrancement is of a temporary duration, dealing with a lapsed servant can be troublesome. A wise Kindred either disposes of those she Entrances after they serve their usefulness, or binds them more securely by a blood bond (made much easier by the minion’s willingness to serve).
_System_: The player spends a blood point and rolls ^Appearance + Empathy^ (difficulty equal to the target’s current Willpower points); the number of successes determines how long the subject is Entranced, as per the chart below. (Subjects can still spend Willpower to temporarily resist, like any other Presence power). The Storyteller may wish to make the roll instead, since the character is never certain of the strength of her hold on the victim. The vampire may try to keep the subject under her thrall, but can do so only after the initial Entrancement wears off. Attempting this power while Entrancement is already in operation has no effect.
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Result</th></tr><tr><td>Botch</td><td>Subject cannot be entranced for the rest of the story.</td></tr><tr><td>Failure</td><td>Subject cannot be entranced for the rest of the night.</td></tr><tr><td>1 success</td><td>One hour</td></tr><tr><td>2 successes</td><td>One day</td></tr><tr><td>3 successes</td><td>One week</td></tr><tr><td>4 successes</td><td>One month</td></tr><tr><td>5 successes</td><td>One year</td></tr></table>