---
name: Steal the Mind
---

Legends tell of the Fair Folk taking the memories and faculties of their victims, leaving these hapless people drooling idiots for the rest of their lives. While modern thinking is that these stories actually referred to stroke victims, elder Kiasyd display a power with a similar effect. The victim of Steal the Mind loses his memories and all knowledge he has accumulated. The Kiasyd gains these memories for a short time, and generally uses this time to inscribe them before they revert to the original owner... assuming the Weirdling lets that happen.
_System_: The player selects a mortal or supernatural target and rolls ^Perception + Subterfuge^ (difficulty equal to the target’s current Willpower). While the Kiasyd has “stolen” her subject’s mind, she retains her own consciousness, but has complete access to all of the subject’s thoughts and memories. Subjects have no knowledge that they have been affected in this manner, though any attempts to harm them - by the Kiasyd or anyone else - return their wits to them immediately. Subjects have no access to their Knowledges while this power is active, but Talents and most Skills (those that work on muscle memory) are still present. The Storyteller might need to exercise discretion as to which Abilities are lost. Those who are victims of this power for long periods of time may starve, though they will eat food presented to them. The number of successes determines the duration of the effect, though the Kiasyd may return the subject’s mind at any time before this period ends. If the victim dies before the memories return, the Weirdling keeps them. If the Kiasyd kills the target to keep his memory, the character may need to roll for degeneration (see p.309) depending on what Path they follow - Kiasyd on Humanity must always roll.
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Duration</th></tr><tr><td>1 Success</td><td>10 minutes</td></tr><tr><td>2 Successes</td><td>One hour</td></tr><tr><td>3 Successes</td><td>One night</td></tr><tr><td>4 Successes</td><td>One week</td></tr><tr><td>5 Successes</td><td>One month</td></tr></table>