---
name: Pulse of the City
---

A vampire who has developed her Presence to this terrifying degree can control the emotional climate of the entire region around her, up to the size of a large city. This power is always in effect on a low level, attuning those who dwell in the area to the Kindred’s mood, but it can also be used to project a specific emotion into the minds of every being in the area. Pulse of the City affects residents much more strongly than tourists, and also has a significant impact on those individuals who might be elsewhere at the time but who still have strong ties to the affected city.
_System_: The character must be present in the city in question, and have at least a casual, personal knowledge of its streets and makeup (maps won’t help). The player spends a Willpower point and rolls ^Charisma + Streetwise^ (difficulty 9, though specializations or Storyteller fiat may decrease this difficulty if the character is intimately familiar with a particular city). The number of successes indicates how long mortal residents are affected by the particular emotion that the character broadcasts; visitors with no ties to the area and supernatural beings are affected for a duration one success step lower. The character can choose to terminate this effect at any time before it expires.
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Result</th></tr><tr><td>1 success</td><td>One minute</td></tr><tr><td>2 successes</td><td>10 minutes</td></tr><tr><td>3 successes</td><td>One hour</td></tr><tr><td>4 successes</td><td>One day</td></tr><tr><td>5 successes</td><td>One week</td></tr></table>Pulse of the City can be used by a character in torpor.