---
name: Subsume the Spirit
---

By locking his gaze with that of an animal, the vampire may mentally possess the creature. Some elders believe that since animals don’t have souls but spirits, the vampire can move his own soul into the animal’s body. Many younger vampires think it a matter of transferring one’s consciousness into the animal’s mind. In either case, it’s agreed that the beast’s weaker spirit (or mind) is pushed aside by the Kindred’s own consciousness. The vampire’s body falls into a motionless state akin to torpor while his mind takes control of the animal’s actions, remaining this way until the Kindred’s consciousness returns. Some haughty Tzimisce eschew this power, considering it debasing to enter the body of a lesser creature. When they do stoop to using it, they possess only predators. Conversely, Gangrel revel in connecting to the natural world in this way. They delight in sampling different animals’ natures.
_System_: The player rolls ^Manipulation + Animal Ken^ (difficulty 8) as the character looks into the animal’s eyes (see sidebar on p.152). The number of successes allows the character to employ some mental Disciplines while possessing the animal, as noted below.
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Result</th></tr><tr><td>1 success</td><td>Cannot use Disciplines</td></tr><tr><td>2 successes</td><td>Can use Auspex and other sensory powers</td></tr><tr><td>3 successes</td><td>Can also use Presence and other powers of emotional manipulation</td></tr><tr><td>4 successes</td><td>Can also use Dementation, Dominate, and other powers of mental manipulation</td></tr><tr><td>5 successes</td><td>Can also use Chimerstry, Necromancy, Thaumaturgy, and other mystical powers</td></tr></table>This power entwines the character’s consciousness closely with the animal’s spirit, so much so that the character may continue to think and feel like that animal even after breaking the connection. This effect continues until the character spends a total of seven nights or three Willpower points to resist and finally overcome the animal nature. This should be role-played, though the character will be affected to a lesser degree if the player chooses to spend Willpower. At the end of any particularly exciting incident during possession, the player rolls ^Wits + Empathy^ (difficulty 8) for the character to retain his own mind. Failure indicates that the character’s mind returns to his own body, but still thinks in purely animalistic terms. A botch returns the character to his body, and also sends him into frenzy. The character may travel as far from his own physical body as he chooses while possessing the animal. The character retains no conscious connection with his vampire body during this time, though. The vampire may also venture out during the day, albeit in the animal’s body. However, the character’s own body must be awake to do so, requiring a successful roll to remain awake (see p.262). If the character leaves the animal’s body (by choice, if his body falls asleep, or after sustaining significant injury), the vampire’s consciousness returns to his physical form instantaneously. Although the vampire has no conscious link to his body while possessing the animal, he does form a sympathetic bond. Anything the animal feels, the vampire also experiences, from pleasure to pain. In fact, any damage the animal’s body sustains is also applied to the character’s body, though the Kindred body may soak as normal. If the animal dies before the vampire’s soul can flee from the body, the character’s body falls into torpor. Presumably this is in sympathetic response to the massive trauma of death, but some Kindred believe that the vampire’s soul is cast adrift during this time and must find its way back to the body.