---
name: The Grandest Trick
---

The Kiasyd can fool himself into believing that he is not, and has never been, a vampire. This trick lasts for a short time, during which the character gives up all blessings (but loses all drawbacks) of being Kindred. He retains all of his other knowledge, but the magic of the Grandest Trick deftly prevents him from figuring out the truth (notes that explain the truth vanish, knowledge of clues that would lead him to it don’t make sense, etc.). The Grandest Trick is useful for throwing vampire hunters off a character’s scent, but also for gathering information that can only be obtained during the day. Rumors among younger Kiasyd also persist that some elders of the bloodline use the Grandest Trick to meet during the day once every 50 years, exchanging documents and letters that, for that day, make no sense to any of them. It is only after the Trick wears off that they remember who they are and can read what their Clanmates wrote.
_System_: The player spends eight blood points and makes a ^Willpower^ roll (difficulty 9). If this roll is successful, the character becomes mortal at the next sunrise for a duration determined by the number of successes on the roll. The Kiasyd knows, however subliminally, the duration of the power, and he automatically attempts to return to safety, should daylight be a problem at the power’s end. After this power ends, the Kiasyd retains all memories of his brief return to the world of mortals. During his time as a mortal, the character’s Traits are limited to ratings of 5 (which return to their original levels when the character becomes a vampire again), and the character has no access to her Disciplines. Likewise, the character may not use blood points for any vampiric benefits while mortal.
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Duration</th></tr><tr><td>1 success</td><td>10 minutes</td></tr><tr><td>2 successes</td><td>One hour</td></tr><tr><td>3 successes</td><td>Four hours</td></tr><tr><td>4 successes</td><td>12 hours</td></tr><tr><td>5 successes</td><td>24 hours</td></tr></table>