---
name: Synesthesia
---

A Cainite who masters this power can shuffe others’ senses around to suit his preferences. He can select one target and inflict a serious, disorienting, and all-encompassing case of synesthesia upon her, making it impossible for her to interact meaningfully with the real world for the power’s duration. The vampire has complete control over how the target’s senses work and can manipulate them to suit. For example, he may decide that she smells all sounds as varieties of nauseating stenches, or more subtly, he may exchange pain for pleasure. Used against a crowd, sensations are randomly shuffed, so one man will see what the woman next to him sees, but hears what the man 15 feet behind him hears and feels what the child a block away feels. The end result is extremely disorienting for all victims.
_System_: When used against a single victim, the player must spend one Willpower point and roll ^Manipulation + Intimidation^ (difficulty is victim’s current Willpower points). For use against crowds, the difficulty is 7, and the power affects everyone within the vampire’s line of sight and subtracts one point from Perception per success rolled. Victims whose Perception has been reduced to zero can only sit down and wait for the disorientation to end. Duration against a single victim is determined below. Against a crowd, the power persists until sunrise.
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Result</th></tr><tr><td>1 success</td><td>One week</td></tr><tr><td>2 successes</td><td>One month</td></tr><tr><td>3 successes</td><td>Six months</td></tr><tr><td>4 successes</td><td>One year</td></tr><tr><td>5 successes</td><td>Permanent</td></tr></table>