---
name: Condemnation
---

The Baali levies a curse upon the victim. The more skillful in her dark studies the Baali has become, the more dire the curse is likely to be. Legend states that some Baali can wield curses so foul that the victims attempt suicide after a single night - only to find that they can no longer die.
_System_: An ^Intelligence + Occult^ roll (difficulty equal to the subject’s Willpower) dictates the length and severity of the curse. Successes must be split between both these effects, as per the sidebar below. The player must split successes between effect and duration - curses with zero successes allotted to duration last for one night. For example, if the Baali’s player rolls four successes, she can inflict a two-success curse for one month, a three-success curse for up to week, or a four-success curse for one night. At any time, the Baali may choose to end the curse. Storytellers should feel free to invent creative or story-appropriate curses.
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Duration</th><th>Example</th></tr><tr><td>1 success</td><td>Up to one week</td><td>“No voice shall be lent your lying tongue” - All Subterfuge rolls suffer a +3 difficulty.</td></tr><tr><td>2 successes</td><td>One month</td><td>“Sicken and wither, infidel... a babe’s weakness upon you” - All Strength rolls suffer a +2 difficulty, or vampire cannot use blood to boost Strength.</td></tr><tr><td>3 successes</td><td>One year</td><td>“Reap this bitter harvest - may your closest friends turn foe” - The character’s friends do not trust him. This can have any number of mechanical effects (higher difficulty on Social rolls, friends might be more prone to frenzy around the character) at the Storyteller’s discretion.</td></tr><tr><td>4 successes</td><td>Ten years</td><td>“Barren be thy seed and the loins of all your line” - The character becomes sterile or barren, or (if Kindred) cannot Embrace childer or create ghouls.</td></tr><tr><td>5 successes</td><td>Permanent</td><td>“The mark of doom - all you touch must fail” - Simple failures are considered botches while the curse is in effect.</td></tr></table>