---
name: The Spirit’s Touch
---

When someone handles an object for any length of time, he leaves a psychic impression on the item. A vampire with this level of Auspex can “read” these sensations, learning who handled the object, when he last held it, and what was done with it recently (For these purposes, a corpse counts as an “object” and can be read accordingly). These visions are seldom clear and detailed, registering more like a kind of “psychic snapshot”. Still, the Kindred can learn much even from such a glimpse. Although most visions concern the last person to handle the item, a long-time owner leaves a stronger impression than someone who held the object briefy. Gleaning information from the spiritual residue requires the vampire to hold the object and enter a shallow trance. She is only marginally aware of her surroundings while using The Spirit’s Touch, but a loud noise or jarring physical sensation breaks the trance instantly.
_System_: The player rolls ^Perception + Empathy^. The difficulty is determined by the age of the impressions and the mental and spiritual strength of the person or event that left them. Sensing information from a pistol used for a murder hours ago may require a 4, while learning who owned a blood-stained puppet fashioned a century ago might be a 9. The greater the individual’s emotional connection to the object, the stronger the impression he leaves on it - and the more information the Kindred can glean from it. Events involving strong emotions (a gift-giving, a torture, a long family history) likewise leave stronger impressions than short or casual contact do. Assume that each success offers one piece of informa-tion, as per the chart below.
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Information</th></tr><tr><td>Botch</td><td>The character is overwhelmed by psychic impressions for the next 30 minutes and unable to act.</td></tr><tr><td>Failure</td><td>No information of value.</td></tr><tr><td>1 success</td><td>Very basic information: the last owner’s gender or hair color, for instance.</td></tr><tr><td>2 successes</td><td>A second piece of basic information.</td></tr><tr><td>3 successes</td><td>More useful information about the last owner, such as age and state of mind the last time he used the item.</td></tr><tr><td>4 successes</td><td>The person’s name.</td></tr><tr><td>5+ successes</td><td>A wealth of information: nearly anything you want to know about the person’s relationship with that object is available.</td></tr></table>At the Storyteller’s discretion, some impressions on objects may be so strong - a knife plunged into Caesar’s breast, the tip of the Spear of Destiny, a fang pulled from the maw of Dracula - that any use of this power may be deemed a success.