---
name: Unburden the Flesh-Clad Soul
---

Some few Salubri elders can (or could, at least) achieve an understanding of the soul that allowed them to free it from its fleshly confines. The character allows a willing subject’s soul to fy free, able to explore the world as an astral projection and transcend that existence whenever it wishes.
_System_: The vampire and a willing subject must both enter a deep meditative trance for a minimum of one uninterrupted hour as the Salubri performs the ritual necessary to separate soul from flesh without damaging either. During this period, the player spends a number of blood points equal to twice the permanent Willpower of the subject. At the end of the ritual, the subject’s body slips into a coma and dies by the end of the night. Many Tremere and other cautious Kindred warn that the Salubri may misrepresent themselves and convince others to volunteer for a “release” from mortal concerns, when in truth they wish to trap the soul in another plane of existence. The subject’s soul is released from her body and enters the astral plane (such as the Auspex power Psychic Projection on p.138). This separation is permanent and irreversible. The subject is treated as an astrally-projecting character in terms of rules mechanics. However, she no longer has a silver cord and no longer needs one, as she exists independently of her body. If she is reduced to zero Willpower through astral combat, she loses one point of permanent Willpower and reforms after a year and a day at the place where this power was used upon her. A character reduced to zero permanent Willpower is destroyed forever. This power may only be used upon mortals (excluding mages) and vampires who are in Golconda, and the subject must have a full understanding of what this ritual entails - including its permanence and the impossibility of a reversal. The body of a vampire who is Unbound decays at sunrise. It is possible to drink the blood remaining in the vampire’s body, but no benefits are gained from an attempt at diablerie. Any attempt to Embrace the body of an Unbound mortal automatically fails. The free-flying soul may choose to dissipate, moving on to whatever awaits beyond death, at any time (and is therefore not a ghost). The Salubri may use this power on herself, provided she is in Golconda.