---
name: Lunatic Eruption
---

This fearsome ability is only known to have been applied a few times in recorded Kindred history, most spectacularly during the final nights of the last battle of Carthage. It is effectively a psychic nuclear bomb, used to incite every intelligent being within several miles (kilometers) into an orgy of bloodlust and rage. It is suspected that the Malkavians have used the threat of this power as a bargaining chip in several key negotiations.
_System_: The player spends four Willpower points and rolls ^Stamina + Intimidation^ (difficulty 8). The area of effect is determined by the number of successes scored:
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Result</th></tr><tr><td>1 success</td><td>One city block</td></tr><tr><td>2 successes</td><td>An entire neighborhood</td></tr><tr><td>3 successes</td><td>A large downtown area</td></tr><tr><td>4 successes</td><td>Several neighborhoods</td></tr><tr><td>5 successes</td><td>An entire metropolitan area (approximately 30 miles or 45 kilometers)</td></tr><tr><td>6+ successes</td><td>An additional 10 miles or 15 kilometers for every success past 5.</td></tr></table>Within this area, all sentient creatures fall prey to their baser instincts. Mortals spontaneously riot, looting and burning between bouts of mass violence. Kindred enter hunger-induced frenzies, draining dry as many vessels as they can sink their fangs into. An entire city can quite literally be driven temporarily insane by this power. Lunatic Eruption’s effects persist until the next sunrise, and anyone entering its area of effect (centered on the site at which it was used, not on the character who applied it) falls under its spell. However, momentum may carry the violence spawned by this power much farther - and keep it going much longer - than the power itself can force. Victims of Lunatic Eruption may resist with Self-Control/Instinct rolls (difficulty equal to the Dementation user’s permanent ^Willpower^ rating); each success provides one hour of lucidity, which most wise individuals use to leave the power’s area of effect (leaving the “blast radius” removes the power’s infuence). The source of Lunatic Eruption may be pinpointed if a character is using Heightened Senses or an equivalent power at the time it is used; this is automatic and requires no roll. However, this grants no knowledge of what actually happened - the observer simply “feels” a massive psychic shockwave explode from the character using the power.