---
name: Purification
---

Although most mortal cultures affix negative connotations to the spilling of blood, most Assamites - indeed, most vampires - have quite the opposite reaction to it. For them, blood is an unlife-affirming and reinvigorating substance. Purification works on this principle, using the power of vitae to cleanse and restore. Rather than purging foreign taints from the body, Purification allows its wielder to cleanse other individuals’ minds and souls of stains, including those left by the mind control of other Kindred. The vampire using this power expels his own blood through his skin and allows it to soak through his subject, slowly dissipating. As it does so, it carries away spiritual impurities and outside infuences.
_System_: The character touches the forehead of her intended subject, and both parties spend a minimum of five minutes in deep concentration. The player spends a number of blood points equal to the subject’s permanent Willpower. The subject rolls Willpower once for every external supernatural infuence (a vampiric Discipline, usually) to which his mind has been subjected. The difficulty equals the level of the power in question +4 (or a difficulty of 7 if the power level is unknown, such as one used by a different kind of supernatural creature). A success nullifies that effect. Purification has its limits. It can remove directly intrusive infuences such as Dominate-implanted commands, Dementation-generated derangements, or the imperatives caused by elder vampires’ Presence. It cannot dispel infuences that are transmitted by blood, including a blood bond or the dispositions imparted by one’s Clan or bloodline, nor can it erase those caused by purely mundane techniques such as persuasion, hypnosis, or brainwashing, or genuine emotional states such as love and hate. It can remove mind-altering blood magic effects, but either the character wielding Purification or the power’s beneficiary must have a level of Thaumaturgy equal to or greater than that with which the effect was placed. A character cannot use Purification on herself.