---
name: Safe Passage
---

The Salubri radiates a non-threatening aura, altering the minds of those around her to seem safe, pleasant, and harmless. Crowds unconsciously part for her, pursuers lose interest, and passers-by are willing to provide assistance. In the event that someone does attempt to do her harm, the rest of the crowd may even protect her.
_System_: This power is always activate, though the Salubri can turn it off if she so desires. While Safe Passage is active, anyone in a crowd (defined as more than 10 people in close proximity) who wants to harm the Salubri must engage in a contested ^Willpower^ roll with the vampire’s player (difficulty 6). If the pursuer wins, he may do as he wishes. If the vampire wins, her net successes act as a dice pool penalty on any hostile action the pursuer chooses to take. This manifests as lost interest in the vampire (the pursuers wonders why he is chasing this person rather than doing something more interesting). Safe Passage can also assist a Salubri in finding help or shelter. The player rolls ^Charisma + Expression^ (difficulty 7). Each success reduces the difficulty of a subsequent, appropriate Social roll by one. This affects only attempts to gain seemingly harmless or innocent assistance, such as a place to stay or advice on the bad parts of town - a Salubri won’t be able to get automatic weapons or low-grade heroin more easily with this power. The effects of this power last until the next sunrise. Safe Passage affects only those who know the Salubri casually or not at all. Anyone who has known her long enough to form an opinion of her cannot be touched by this power.