---
name: Shared Strength
---

It’s one thing to laugh off bullets, rather another to watch the ricochets mow down everyone around you. Many Kindred have wished, at one time or another, that they could lend their monstrous vitality to those around them. Those few vampires who have mastered Shared Strength can - if only for a little while.,br.System: Shared Strength duplicates a portion of a vampire’s Fortitude (one dot for every point of blood the vampire spends) to another being. Activating the power requires a ^Stamina + Survival^ roll (difficulty 8, increased to 9 if the target is not a normal mortal), and the expenditure of a point of Willpower. Furthermore, the vampire must mark his target by pressing a drop of his blood onto the target’s forehead. This stain remains visible as long as the power is in effect, the duration of which is determined by the initial roll.
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Duration</th></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>One turn</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>One scene</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>One hour</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>One night</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>One week</td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td>One month</td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td>One year</td></tr></table>The target of this power need not be willing to accept the benefit to receive it, and the bestowing vampire can end the effect at any time for no cost. Particularly sadistic Kindred have come up with any number of ways in which a target’s “devil’s mark” and supernatural endurance can be used to land him in a great deal of trouble. A vampire can never bestow more levels of Fortitude than he himself possesses.