---
name: Veil of Blissful Ignorance
---

This power’s development is attributed to the Malkavians, but many Nosferatu have also found it to be highly useful. The Veil of Blissful Ignorance allows a vampire to Obfuscate an unwilling victim, removing him from the notice of others. Some Nosferatu use this power to teach a humbling lesson to individuals who take the presence and aid of others for granted, while others utilize it to remove an essential member of a group in the midst of a crisis.
_System_: The character must touch the victim to activate this power. The player spends a blood point and rolls ^Wits + Stealth^ (difficulty equals the victim’s Appearance + 3). If the roll is a success, the victim is subject to the effects of Vanish From the Mind’s Eye for a length of time determined by the number of successes the player rolls.
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Result</th></tr><tr><td>1 success</td><td>Three turns</td></tr><tr><td>2 successes</td><td>One minute (20 turns)</td></tr><tr><td>3 successes</td><td>15 minutes</td></tr><tr><td>4 successes</td><td>One hour</td></tr><tr><td>5 successes</td><td>One night</td></tr></table>The victim of Veil of Blissful Ignorance does not necessarily know that he is under the effect of this power. He is only aware that everyone around him has suddenly begun acting as if he were not there. The victim cannot break this effect, even with violence; if he attacks someone, the target ascribes the act to the visible individual nearest to him. More than one fatal brawl has been incited by this side-effect. The Veil persists even if the vampire who activated it leaves the area. Curiously enough, Veil of Blissful Ignorance can never be used on anyone who is ready and willing to accept its effects.