---
name: Mayaparisatya
---

This expression of Chimerstry allows the Cainite to directly alter or create real objects or creatures, although such changes are of finite duration. A vampire with this power can transform the air around a rival Kindred into fire or render a locked door insubstantial. A more harrowing use of this power enables the vampire to force an object out of existence by transforming it into nothing more than a wisp of its former reality.
_System_: To use this power, the player must spend 10 blood points and one permanent Willpower point and roll ^Manipulation + Subterfuge^. Difficulty for the roll is 6 for affecting inanimate objects, and the victim’s Willpower rating for affecting characters. This power can affect anything within miles (kilometers) of the vampire, as long as the character is aware of the target in some way. If used with Far Fatuus, the effects are centered on the chosen location. This power can affect a number of conscious targets equal to the Kindred’s ^Willpower^ per use. When dealing with inanimate objects, the number of successes determines how drastic the alteration may be. No matter how many successes the player rolls, the duration is always a scene. This power can affect any objects of a type within the vampire’s targeted area.
<table><tr><th>Successes</th><th>Result</th></tr><tr><td>1 success</td><td>Render an object harmless (swords won’t cut, firearms won’t shoot), create a large volume of obscuring smoke</td></tr><tr><td>2 successes</td><td>Change an object into another object (turn candles into tarantulas, etc.)</td></tr><tr><td>3 successes</td><td>Render the object insubstantial, make smoke solid</td></tr><tr><td>4 successes</td><td>Cause drastic changes (stone becomes highly flammable)</td></tr><tr><td>5 successes</td><td>Cause the environment to behave illogically (gravity twists sideways, rivers stand still as hills flow upward)</td></tr><tr><td>6+ successes</td><td>Delete any offending material objects from existence. This effect is permanent (to use this on conscious targets, follow the system described below). When using the power on conscious targets, consult the table above for alterations (such as forcing the victim into another form or transforming her into a different substance). If using the power to negate the victim’s existence, the power inflicts two levels of unsoakable aggravated damage per success. If the power doesn’t kill the victim, subtract one dot of Strength and Stamina per success. The damage must be healed normally, but the lost Attributes return at the end of the scene. Victims of this power look hazy and insubstantial. Victims destroyed with this power simply vanish.</td></tr></table>