---
name: Blissful Agony
---

The vampire may cause pain with a mere touch, as per Burning Touch, but this pain lingers and swells even after the Fury has removed her hand. It is believed that this power was originally used to acclimate warrior Salubri to the pain they would experience in battle, but among the Sabbat Salubri, Blissful Agony has been turned to more brutal uses. If applied with enough intensity, Blissful Agony can drive vampires to the point of frenzy, incapacitate Lupines, and even kill mortals outright.
_System_: The player makes a ^Willpower^ roll (difficulty 8) and spends a blood point. The power lasts for one scene, though this duration may be prolonged if the Salubri <i>antitribu</i> wishes by making a subsequent ^Willpower^ roll (though no additional blood points need be spent). The character must touch her subject for the power to take effect initially. At the vampire’s option, she may cause actual physical damage to the victim at the rate of one health level per blood point spent, though touch must be maintained for this to happen. Damage to vampires and other supernatural creatures in this fashion vanishes at the next sunset, but mortals must heal the damage normally. This damage is considered lethal damage, and mortals may not soak it (though vampires and other supernatural entities may). To induce frenzy in a victim, the Fury must cause damage in excess of the subject’s Willpower. At that point, the subject must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 6) or succumb to frenzy.